We are back to breathe into the summer! As we spend more time outside, in sunshine (hopefully!) and with other people, we need to also make sure our energy is in balance so that we can really enjoy it all. 

Cambridge based Breathwork Practitioner, Lisa Sibley and London based Sound Practitioner, Kate Stewart invite you to join them for an afternoon of deep healing, rest and connection in the beautiful indoor/outdoor studio room at Storey's Field Centre.

Experience the powerful combination of conscious connected breathwork and the soothing sounds of the Crystal Singing Bowls. The intention of this journey is to provide a safe space to deeply relax, to let go of what is no longer serving you, to open the heart, heal the body and to help bring about balance.

When we are at dis-ease in our bodies and feeling out of balance, we are out of harmony. Our breath is the key to creating energy in the body, so it makes sense that if it is in any way restricted, our capacity to be authentic or achieve our full potential may also be restricted. Conscious connected breathwork has many proven benefits for the nervous system, including increasing physical and psychological health. 

Lisa will guide you to consciously connect to your breath whilst journeying through the energy centres in your body (Chakras). This helps create a sense of calm throughout your body, relaxing your mind and allows inspiration and transformation to flourish in the present moment.

The Crystal Singing Bowls produce healing frequencies that will activate your parasympathetic nervous system which allows the body to rest, digest, restore and repair. These frequencies slow our brainwaves down, quietening down our monkey minds and allowing us to drift into a floaty dreamlike meditative state, helping to bring about balance and harmony, remove any stagnant/ stuck energy and help to relieve stress and anxiety.

Kate will play sound during the breathwork session, to help you go deeper into the toning (sounding). The deep Sound Bath will follow on from the breathwork in receiving time. 

After the breathwork and sound bath we come back together in a circle, to connect and share whatever you want with the group (no obligation to share your experience).

You will leave feeling restored, rebalanced and full of vitality.
What you will need:

🔹 Warm comfortable clothing (and wear warm socks), your body temperature may drop as you go further into breathwork
🔹 Water to stay hydrated
🔹 You are welcome to bring a notepad / journal to write down your experience
🔹 Please bring a blanket or two and / cushions to make yourself nice and cosy for the sound meditation. You are also welcome to bring an eye pillow.
🔹Please bring a yoga mat

Any questions about our event please feel free to reach out to us:
Kate - hello@iknowthisgirl.co.uk